this is a video by rich pin today we're
going to be checking the diff pin or
differential pin you want to first get
your car up in the air so you can spin
the tires because you're going to need
to do that to check the diff pen now the
next thing we've got to do is we've got
to drain the fluid out of the transaxle
this is the drain plug right here
we don't have to drain all of it just a
little bit but I'm draining all of it
because it really doesn't matter it
doesn't take that long to drain the
whole transaxle
okay that's enough put the plug back in
next we have to find the vehicle speed
sensor which is located back here on the
transaxle
so there it is right there with the blue
connector on it now the next thing we
have to do is take the electrical
connector off the sensor just pull up on
this little lock right here
and that will remove the electrical
collector from the sensor
now the center itself is has a hex on it
right here which is a 24 millimeter now
if you don't have a wrench for that you
can use in an adjustable wrench to
remove that
okay I think we could get it out by hand
now
and there is the vehicle speed sensor
now if you can see this I've placed a
mirror above the hole where we took the
vehicle speed sensor out of so we can
inspect the diff pin now if you go when
you're looking in the VSS hole this is
what you'll see you'll see the pin right
there you can see half the pin and what
you want to do is see if the pin is
flush with the carrier now we're going
to rotate the carrier by the tires that
we have up ania make sure that the
transaxle is in neutral now rotate we're
going to rotate the carrier all the way
to the other side so we can see the
other end of that pin to make sure that
it's flush with the other side of the
carrier
and it should be coming into view short
late
and there's the other end of the dip pen
so make sure that it is the equal
distance on both sides of the carrier
and that's all there is to checking your
dip pen